[docs][deploy] Add Azure requirements (#13383)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/deploy/checklist.md

### Amazon Web Services (AWS)

- Use the C5 or I3 instance families.
- Recommended types are i3.4xlarge, i3.8xlarge, c5.4xlarge, and c5.8xlarge. Use the higher CPU instance types especially for large YSQL workloads.
- For the C5 instance family, use gp3 EBS (SSD) disks that are **at least 250GB** in size, larger if more IOPS are needed.
  - The number of IOPS are proportional to the size of the disk.
  - In our testing, gp3 EBS SSDs provide the best performance for a given cost among the various EBS disk options.

> - Avoid running on [T2 instance types](https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/instance-types/t2/). The T2 instance types are burstable instance types. Their baseline performance and ability to burst are governed by CPU Credits, which makes it hard to get steady performance.

Reviewer: Google's docs don't capitalize this...
```suggestion
- Avoid running on [T2 instance types](https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/instance-types/t2/). The T2 instance types are burstable instance types. Their baseline performance and ability to burst are governed by CPU credits, which makes it hard to get steady performance.
```

- Use VPC peering for multi-region deployments and connectivity to S3 object stores.

### Google Cloud

> - Use the N2 high-cpu instance family. As a second choice, the N2 standard instance family works too.

Reviewer: Google's docs show it capitalized like this...
```suggestion
- Use the N2 high-CPU instance family. As a second choice, the N2 standard instance family works too.
```

  - Each local SSD is 375 GB in size, but you can attach up to eight local SSD devices for 3 TB of total local SSD storage space per instance.
- As a second choice, [remote persistent SSDs](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/disks/#pdspecs) work well. Make sure the size of these SSDs are **at least 250GB** in size, larger if more IOPS are needed.
  - The number of IOPS are proportional to the size of the disk.
- Avoid running on f1 or g1 machine families. These are [burstable, shared core machines](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/machine-types#sharedcore) that may not deliver steady performance.

### Azure

- Use v5 options with 16 vCPU in the Storage Optimized (preferred) or General Purpose VM types. For a busy YSQL instance, use 32 vCPU.
- For an application that cannot tolerate P99 spikes, local SSDs (Storage Optimized instances) are the preferred option. For more details on the tradeoffs, refer to [Local vs remote SSDs](../../deploy/kubernetes/best-practices/#local-vs-remote-ssds).

> - If local SSDs are not available, ultra disks should be used to eliminate expected latency on Azure premium disks. Refer to the Azure [disk recommendations](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/blog/azure-ultra-disk-storage-microsoft-s-service-for-your-most-i-o-demanding-workloads/) and Azure documentation on [disk types](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/disks-types) for databases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If local SSDs are not available, use ultra disks to eliminate expected latency on Azure premium disks. Refer to the Azure [disk recommendations](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/blog/azure-ultra-disk-storage-microsoft-s-service-for-your-most-i-o-demanding-workloads/) and Azure documentation on [disk types](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/disks-types) for databases.
```
